A system is a combination of software and sometimes hardware that provides a solution for a problem. 
It involves: the client, analysts, designers, developers, testers, users, and other people (lawyers, communications officers, and other specialists)
Success can be measured by answering the following questions: 
Does the project solve what it was meant to solve?
Is it easy to maintain and administer?
Is it scalable to meet the needs of the client?
Is there a successful support system in place for the client?
Was it delivered on time and ready to go?
Was the client happy with the finished product?
Creating high-quality software involves organization, planning and utilizing various diagrammatic conventions. 
Computer scientists have created a view of the software development process known as the ‘software development life cycle’ (SDLC)
One method is known as the ‘waterfall model’. 
A mistake made in one phase often requires the developer to backup and redo some of the work in the previous phase. 
The Waterfall Model consists of several phases: Problem Statement, Analysis, Design, Implementation, Integration /Test, and Maintenance
Mistakes found early in the SDLC are much less expensive to correct than those found later
The cost of developing software is not spread equally over the phases. 
It is mostly spent on maintenance
Some tools for project management are: Gantt charts, UML, Daily Logs, Weekly Reports, and Communication using Microsoft Teams, Slack or Google Spaces
Gantt Chart was developed by mechanical engineer Henry Gantt in the 1910’s. 
It is a tool typically used by people working on a large project (Hoover Dam, Eisenhower National Defense Interstate Highway System). 
It helps project managers to visualize, schedule, and track scheduled as well as actual progress of projects
UML stands for Unified Modeling Language. 
It visually specifies parts of a system. 
Complex software designs are much more easily described through UML than textually
The waterfall model was developed by Dr Winston Royce in 1970 based on his experience developing software for spacecraft mission planning